Link the Codepen: https://codepen.io/ryand1127/pen/vYXzwKO

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is used for marking up and organizing an HTML document.

2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used for creating the structure and front end of a website.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Attributes are used to define or give information about a specific
    element. We put them at the end of a tag.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The H1 tag is used for marking up the main heading of a webpage.
    It should only be used once on a page.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Img tag, and the Form tag.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Title, Doctype, Meta, CSS Link
    
7. What is an id? 
    An Id is a one time use name tag that can be called in the CSS style
    sheet.

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    An ID can be added to HTML elements, most if not all.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    You can use the same ID only once.

10. What is a class? 
    A class is like an ID but can be used multiple times.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Same elements as an ID.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times needed.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="blank_"

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The alt attribute is used for describing what the image is for screen readers.

15. How do I reference an id?
    An id can be referenced with #

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is semantic while div is not

17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used for styling HTML

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 { }

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used multiple times while and ID is used once. ID is more JS oriented.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    using the . ex: .img 

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector, will select a nest element in a parent. This useful when calling out specific things.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a {}

24. What is a pseudo selector?
    pseudo selector is :hover

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px solid black;
    }

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    with the universal selector *

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm -r, you'd becareful because it is a perm delete with no prompt

34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control allows multiple user to contribute and keep track of file history.
    
35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes or when a significant change has been made

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push -u origin ''

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork, Clone, Branch, Add, Commit, Push, Pull